but Solomon took 13 years to build his
but Solomon took 13 years to build his own house so he finished all his house
own house so he finished all his house
own house so he finished all his house he also built the house of the forest of
he also built the house of the forest of
he also built the house of the forest of Lebanon its length was 100 cubits its
Lebanon its length was 100 cubits its
Lebanon its length was 100 cubits its width 50 cubits and its height 30 cubits
width 50 cubits and its height 30 cubits
width 50 cubits and its height 30 cubits with four rows of cedar pillars and
with four rows of cedar pillars and
with four rows of cedar pillars and cedar beams on the pillars and it was
cedar beams on the pillars and it was
cedar beams on the pillars and it was paneled with cedar above the beams of
paneled with cedar above the beams of
paneled with cedar above the beams of are on 45 pillars
are on 45 pillars
are on 45 pillars 15 - a row there were windows with
15 - a row there were windows with
15 - a row there were windows with beveled frames in three rows and window
beveled frames in three rows and window
beveled frames in three rows and window was opposite window in three tiers and
was opposite window in three tiers and
was opposite window in three tiers and all the doorways and door posts had
all the doorways and door posts had
all the doorways and door posts had rectangular frames and window was
rectangular frames and window was
rectangular frames and window was opposite window in three tiers he also
opposite window in three tiers he also
opposite window in three tiers he also made the hall of pillars its length was
made the hall of pillars its length was
made the hall of pillars its length was 50 cubits and its width 30 cubits and in
50 cubits and its width 30 cubits and in
50 cubits and its width 30 cubits and in front of them was a portico with pillars
front of them was a portico with pillars
front of them was a portico with pillars and a canopy was in front of them then
and a canopy was in front of them then
and a canopy was in front of them then he made a hole for the throne the Hall
he made a hole for the throne the Hall
he made a hole for the throne the Hall of judgment where he might judge and it
of judgment where he might judge and it
of judgment where he might judge and it was paneled with cedar from floor to
was paneled with cedar from floor to
was paneled with cedar from floor to ceiling and the house where he dwelt had
ceiling and the house where he dwelt had
ceiling and the house where he dwelt had another court inside the hole of light
another court inside the hole of light
another court inside the hole of light workmanship
workmanship
workmanship Solomon also made a house like this hole
Solomon also made a house like this hole
Solomon also made a house like this hole for Pharaoh's daughter whom he had taken
for Pharaoh's daughter whom he had taken
for Pharaoh's daughter whom he had taken his wife all these were of costly stones
his wife all these were of costly stones
his wife all these were of costly stones cut to size trimmed with soles inside
cut to size trimmed with soles inside
cut to size trimmed with soles inside and out from the foundation to the eaves
and out from the foundation to the eaves
and out from the foundation to the eaves and also on the outside to the great
and also on the outside to the great
and also on the outside to the great court the foundation was of costly
court the foundation was of costly
court the foundation was of costly stones large stones some ten cubits and
stones large stones some ten cubits and
stones large stones some ten cubits and some eight cubits and above were costly
some eight cubits and above were costly
some eight cubits and above were costly stones hewn to size and cedarwood the
stones hewn to size and cedarwood the
stones hewn to size and cedarwood the great court was enclosed with three rows
great court was enclosed with three rows
great court was enclosed with three rows of hewn stones and a row of cedar beams
of hewn stones and a row of cedar beams
of hewn stones and a row of cedar beams so were the inner court of the house of
so were the inner court of the house of
so were the inner court of the house of the Lord and the vestibule of the temple
the Lord and the vestibule of the temple
the Lord and the vestibule of the temple now King Solomon sent and brought Hyrum
now King Solomon sent and brought Hyrum
now King Solomon sent and brought Hyrum from tyre he was the son of a widow from
from tyre he was the son of a widow from
from tyre he was the son of a widow from the tribe of Naphtali and his father was
the tribe of Naphtali and his father was
the tribe of Naphtali and his father was a man of Tyre a bronze worker he was
a man of Tyre a bronze worker he was
a man of Tyre a bronze worker he was filled with wisdom and understanding and
filled with wisdom and understanding and
filled with wisdom and understanding and skill in working with all kinds of
skill in working with all kinds of
skill in working with all kinds of bronze work so he came to King Solomon
bronze work so he came to King Solomon
bronze work so he came to King Solomon and did all his work and he cast two
and did all his work and he cast two
and did all his work and he cast two pillars of bronze each one 18 cubits
pillars of bronze each one 18 cubits
pillars of bronze each one 18 cubits high and a line of 12 cubits measured
high and a line of 12 cubits measured
high and a line of 12 cubits measured the circumference of each then he made
the circumference of each then he made
the circumference of each then he made two capitals of cast bronze to set on
two capitals of cast bronze to set on
two capitals of cast bronze to set on the tops of the pillars the height of
the tops of the pillars the height of
the tops of the pillars the height of one capital was five cubits and the
one capital was five cubits and the
one capital was five cubits and the height of the other capital was five
height of the other capital was five
height of the other capital was five cubits he made a lattice Network with
cubits he made a lattice Network with
cubits he made a lattice Network with Riis of chain work for the capitals
Riis of chain work for the capitals
Riis of chain work for the capitals which were on top of the pillars seven
which were on top of the pillars seven
which were on top of the pillars seven chains for one capital and seven for the
chains for one capital and seven for the
chains for one capital and seven for the other capital
other capital
other capital so he made the pillars and two rows of
so he made the pillars and two rows of
so he made the pillars and two rows of pomegranates above the network all
pomegranates above the network all
pomegranates above the network all around to cover the Capitals that were
around to cover the Capitals that were
around to cover the Capitals that were on top and thus he did for the other
on top and thus he did for the other
on top and thus he did for the other capital the Capitals which were on top
capital the Capitals which were on top
capital the Capitals which were on top of the pillars in the hall were in the
of the pillars in the hall were in the
of the pillars in the hall were in the shape of lilies four cubits the Capitals
shape of lilies four cubits the Capitals
shape of lilies four cubits the Capitals on the two pillars also had pomegranates
on the two pillars also had pomegranates
on the two pillars also had pomegranates above by the convex surface which was
above by the convex surface which was
above by the convex surface which was next to the network and there were 200
next to the network and there were 200
next to the network and there were 200 such pomegranates in rows on each of the
such pomegranates in rows on each of the
such pomegranates in rows on each of the capitals all around then he set up the
capitals all around then he set up the
capitals all around then he set up the pillars by the vestibule of the temple
pillars by the vestibule of the temple
pillars by the vestibule of the temple he set up the pillar on the right and
he set up the pillar on the right and
he set up the pillar on the right and called its name jaqen and he set up the
called its name jaqen and he set up the
called its name jaqen and he set up the pillar on the left and called its name
pillar on the left and called its name
pillar on the left and called its name Boaz the tops of the pillars were in the
Boaz the tops of the pillars were in the
Boaz the tops of the pillars were in the shape of lilies so the work of the
shape of lilies so the work of the
shape of lilies so the work of the pillars was finished and he made the see
pillars was finished and he made the see
pillars was finished and he made the see of cast bronze ten cubits from one brim
of cast bronze ten cubits from one brim
of cast bronze ten cubits from one brim to the other
to the other
to the other it was completely around its height was
it was completely around its height was
it was completely around its height was five cubits and a line of thirty cubits
five cubits and a line of thirty cubits
five cubits and a line of thirty cubits measured its circumference below its
measured its circumference below its
measured its circumference below its brim were ornamental buds and settling
brim were ornamental buds and settling
brim were ornamental buds and settling it all around
it all around
it all around tend to a cubit all the way around the
tend to a cubit all the way around the
tend to a cubit all the way around the see the ornamental bugs were cast in two
see the ornamental bugs were cast in two
see the ornamental bugs were cast in two rows when it was cast it stood on twelve
rows when it was cast it stood on twelve
rows when it was cast it stood on twelve oxen three looking toward the north
oxen three looking toward the north
oxen three looking toward the north three looking toward the west three
three looking toward the west three
three looking toward the west three looking toward the south and three
looking toward the south and three
looking toward the south and three looking toward the east the sea was set
looking toward the east the sea was set
looking toward the east the sea was set upon them and all their back parts
upon them and all their back parts
upon them and all their back parts pointed inward it was a handbreadth
pointed inward it was a handbreadth
pointed inward it was a handbreadth thick and its brim was shaped like the
thick and its brim was shaped like the
thick and its brim was shaped like the brim of a like a lily blossom it
brim of a like a lily blossom it
brim of a like a lily blossom it contained two thousand baths
contained two thousand baths
contained two thousand baths he also made ten carts of bronze four
he also made ten carts of bronze four
he also made ten carts of bronze four cubits was the length of each cart
cubits was the length of each cart
cubits was the length of each cart four cubits its width and three cubits
four cubits its width and three cubits
four cubits its width and three cubits its height and this was the design of
its height and this was the design of
its height and this was the design of the carts they had panels and the panels
the carts they had panels and the panels
the carts they had panels and the panels were between frames
were between frames
were between frames on the panels that were between the
on the panels that were between the
on the panels that were between the frames were lions oxen and cherubim and
frames were lions oxen and cherubim and
frames were lions oxen and cherubim and on the frames was a pedestal on top
on the frames was a pedestal on top
on the frames was a pedestal on top below the lions and oxen were wreaths of
below the lions and oxen were wreaths of
below the lions and oxen were wreaths of plaited work every card had four bronze
plaited work every card had four bronze
plaited work every card had four bronze wheels and axles of bronze and it's four
wheels and axles of bronze and it's four
wheels and axles of bronze and it's four feet had supports under the laver were
feet had supports under the laver were
feet had supports under the laver were supports of cast bronze beside each
supports of cast bronze beside each
supports of cast bronze beside each wreath it's opening inside the crown at
wreath it's opening inside the crown at
wreath it's opening inside the crown at the top was one cubit in diameter and
the top was one cubit in diameter and
the top was one cubit in diameter and the opening was round shaped like a
the opening was round shaped like a
the opening was round shaped like a pedestal one-and-a-half cubits in
pedestal one-and-a-half cubits in
pedestal one-and-a-half cubits in outside diameter and also on the opening
outside diameter and also on the opening
outside diameter and also on the opening were engravings
were engravings
were engravings but the panel's were square not round
but the panel's were square not round
but the panel's were square not round under the panel's were the four wheels
under the panel's were the four wheels
under the panel's were the four wheels and the axles of the wheels were joined
and the axles of the wheels were joined
and the axles of the wheels were joined to the count the height of a wheel was
to the count the height of a wheel was
to the count the height of a wheel was one-and-a-half cubits the workmanship of
one-and-a-half cubits the workmanship of
one-and-a-half cubits the workmanship of the wheels was like the workmanship of a
the wheels was like the workmanship of a
the wheels was like the workmanship of a chariot wheel their axle pins their rims
chariot wheel their axle pins their rims
chariot wheel their axle pins their rims their spokes and their hubs were all of
their spokes and their hubs were all of
their spokes and their hubs were all of cast bronze and there were four supports
cast bronze and there were four supports
cast bronze and there were four supports at the four corners of each cart its
at the four corners of each cart its
at the four corners of each cart its supports were part of the cart itself on
supports were part of the cart itself on
supports were part of the cart itself on the top of the cart at the height of
the top of the cart at the height of
the top of the cart at the height of half a cubit it was perfectly round and
half a cubit it was perfectly round and
half a cubit it was perfectly round and on the top of the cart its flanges and
on the top of the cart its flanges and
on the top of the cart its flanges and its panels were of the same casting on
its panels were of the same casting on
its panels were of the same casting on the plates of its flanges and on its
the plates of its flanges and on its
the plates of its flanges and on its panels he engraved cherubim lions and
panels he engraved cherubim lions and
panels he engraved cherubim lions and palm trees wherever there was a clear
palm trees wherever there was a clear
palm trees wherever there was a clear space on each with wreaths all around
space on each with wreaths all around
space on each with wreaths all around thus he made the 10 carts all of them
thus he made the 10 carts all of them
thus he made the 10 carts all of them were of the same mould one measure and
were of the same mould one measure and
were of the same mould one measure and one shape then he made 10 labors of
one shape then he made 10 labors of
one shape then he made 10 labors of bronze each Laver contained 40 bars and
bronze each Laver contained 40 bars and
bronze each Laver contained 40 bars and each Laver was four cubits on each of
each Laver was four cubits on each of
each Laver was four cubits on each of the ten carts was a Laver and he put
the ten carts was a Laver and he put
the ten carts was a Laver and he put five cards on the right side of the
five cards on the right side of the
five cards on the right side of the house and five on the left side of the
house and five on the left side of the
house and five on the left side of the house
house
house he set the sea on the right side of the
he set the sea on the right side of the
he set the sea on the right side of the house toward the southeast Hurom made
house toward the southeast Hurom made
house toward the southeast Hurom made the Lavers and the shovels and the bowls
the Lavers and the shovels and the bowls
the Lavers and the shovels and the bowls so here I'm finished doing all the work
so here I'm finished doing all the work
so here I'm finished doing all the work that he was to do for King Solomon for
that he was to do for King Solomon for
that he was to do for King Solomon for the house of the Lord the two pillars
the house of the Lord the two pillars
the house of the Lord the two pillars the two bowl shaped capitals Arbor on
the two bowl shaped capitals Arbor on
the two bowl shaped capitals Arbor on top of the two pillars the two networks
top of the two pillars the two networks
top of the two pillars the two networks covering the two bowl shaped capitals
covering the two bowl shaped capitals
covering the two bowl shaped capitals which were on top of the pillars 400
which were on top of the pillars 400
which were on top of the pillars 400 pomegranates for the two networks two
pomegranates for the two networks two
pomegranates for the two networks two rows of pomegranates for each network to
rows of pomegranates for each network to
rows of pomegranates for each network to cover the two bowl shaped capitals
cover the two bowl shaped capitals
cover the two bowl shaped capitals pepper on top of the pillars the ten
pepper on top of the pillars the ten
pepper on top of the pillars the ten carts and ten levers on the carts one C
carts and ten levers on the carts one C
carts and ten levers on the carts one C and twelve oxen under the C the pots the
and twelve oxen under the C the pots the
and twelve oxen under the C the pots the shovels and the bowls all these articles
shovels and the bowls all these articles
shovels and the bowls all these articles which Hurom made for King Solomon for
which Hurom made for King Solomon for
which Hurom made for King Solomon for the house of the Lord were of burnished
the house of the Lord were of burnished
the house of the Lord were of burnished bronze in the plain of Jordan the King
bronze in the plain of Jordan the King
bronze in the plain of Jordan the King had been cast in clay molds between
had been cast in clay molds between
had been cast in clay molds between Sukkoth and Zahra tan and Solomon did
Sukkoth and Zahra tan and Solomon did
Sukkoth and Zahra tan and Solomon did not weigh all the articles because there
not weigh all the articles because there
not weigh all the articles because there were so many the weight of the bronze
were so many the weight of the bronze
were so many the weight of the bronze was not determined
was not determined
was not determined thus Solomon had all the furnishings
thus Solomon had all the furnishings
thus Solomon had all the furnishings made for the house of the Lord the altar
made for the house of the Lord the altar
made for the house of the Lord the altar of gold and the table of gold and which
of gold and the table of gold and which
of gold and the table of gold and which was the showbread the lampstands of pure
was the showbread the lampstands of pure
was the showbread the lampstands of pure gold five on the right side and five on
gold five on the right side and five on
gold five on the right side and five on the left in front of the inner sanctuary
the left in front of the inner sanctuary
the left in front of the inner sanctuary with the flowers and the lamps and the
with the flowers and the lamps and the
with the flowers and the lamps and the wick trimmers of gold the basin's the
wick trimmers of gold the basin's the
wick trimmers of gold the basin's the trimmers the bowls the ladles and the
trimmers the bowls the ladles and the
trimmers the bowls the ladles and the senses of pure gold and the hinges of
senses of pure gold and the hinges of
senses of pure gold and the hinges of gold both for the doors of the inner
gold both for the doors of the inner
gold both for the doors of the inner room the most holy place and for the
room the most holy place and for the
room the most holy place and for the doors of the main hall of the temple so
doors of the main hall of the temple so
doors of the main hall of the temple so all the work that King Solomon had done
all the work that King Solomon had done
all the work that King Solomon had done for the house of the Lord was finished
for the house of the Lord was finished
for the house of the Lord was finished and Solomon brought in the things which
and Solomon brought in the things which
and Solomon brought in the things which his father David had dedicated the
his father David had dedicated the
his father David had dedicated the silver and the gold and the furnishings
silver and the gold and the furnishings
silver and the gold and the furnishings he put them in the Treasuries of the
he put them in the Treasuries of the
he put them in the Treasuries of the house of the Lord